





This article is written by a student writer from the Her Campus at UFL chapter and does not reflect the views of Her Campus.
College diets are notorious for consisting of burgers, cookies and other fattening foods. It sometimes seems like dining options on campus and in college towns even cater to that stereotype. There is always pizza and ice cream being served in the dining halls. Dining options on and off campus include Burger King, Panda Express and Papa John’s.








It can feel impossible to maintain a remotely healthy diet. For some students, however, the challenge is even greater. Those who maintain more restricted diets, such as being vegan or gluten-free, have an even harder time finding convenient dining options. Not to say that these options don’t exist. However, if you don’t have someone pointing you in the right direction, it can be extremely difficult to find appropriate food choices. 
Here are some testimonies from real UF students who have struggled with maintaining their diets in college.
Coral Evans, ‘19
“I took a huge step a year ago when I decided to become vegan, not only for myself, but for the animals. Little did I know how much of a commitment it would be in college with balancing my schooling, work and involvement. The first few weeks of being on campus, I had trouble finding time to prepare food, let alone the money to afford what I used to eat in high school (tempeh and other meat alternatives get pricey). 
“After joining a sorority, however, it became much more manageable, and I learned how to work my personal diet into my busy schedule. Where there is a will there is a way. I learned how to make my salads vegan-friendly at my sorority and quickly began trying new tricks and things to spice up my dinners. Overall, I knew that I wanted to invest in my own health and stand for what I believe in, so I knew no obstacle would get in the way of that desire.” 
Jordan Jay, ‘17
“I have found that with some creativity and a little preparation, being a vegetarian or even a vegan is doable in college. I have found almost every eatery on campus offers fresh fruit, a salad or rice bowl option. If I ever need a quick snack, I almost immediately look for a P.O.D. Market and grab an apple or a banana. Also, dried fruit and nuts are another great protein-packed snack that any P.O.D. or vending machine will have on campus. Additionally, Starbucks now carries the Naked smoothies, which are a great snack on the go. Now if you are in the mood for more than a snack, I would recommend Jamba Juice, Moe’s, Chik-fil-A and even Subway on campus! At Moe’s you can make a killer rice bowl or burrito. Chick-fil-A has a great southwest salad, and even Subway has veggie patties that you can create a sub with! So, yes, living as a vegetarian is hard on a college campus, but not only is it doable, it is easy if you know where to look. My main advice to anyone who wants to try this lifestyle would be that first you need to decide what you like to eat. From there you will be able to determine which places on and off campus work best for your lifestyle and diet. There is always a vegetarian option. The question is, are you willing to find it?” 
Ali Rallis, ‘19
“So far in college, I’ve survived on plain popcorn and grilled chicken. I not only have an allergy to gluten, but also soy, dairy and, specifically, eggs. When I first learned of my situation, I was shocked and thought I would be eating basically rabbit food for the next four years. Unfortunately, I was right. The sorority lunches have been a saving grace for me because the salad bar is my best friend. The catch? Dressings. You see, it’s not just cream sauces and loaves of bread that I have to be careful of. Soy and gluten are used as preservatives, thickeners, and fillers in almost everything. So, that vinaigrette that seems safe? Guess again. Being on such a restrictive diet has really forced me to look at the ingredients in my food, which if we look at the silver lining, has really forced me to eat healthier ultimately. I am forced to buy organic products and cook a lot on my own, so even though my wallet is crying, my body is thanking me.” 
There are quite a few food options for people with restrictive diets, but finding them can be quite difficult. Here is a breakdown of some on- and off-campus options that you can look to if you have special dietary concerns.
If you’re a VEGETARIAN…
On campus:


Croutons
Croutons is actually a hidden gem on campus. They sell fresh, healthy salads. There are obviously both meat and meatless options on the menu. It is conveniently located in the Reitz Union. One salad that is recommended for vegetarians is the Tempting Tempeh, which is served with tempeh, almonds and avocado. 


Off Campus:


Reggae Shack Café
Reggae Shack Café is located off University Avenue, and it’s a traditional Jamaican-style restaurant. They have an entire section of their menu dedicated to vegetarian dishes. Some of these dishes include Brown Stew Tofu and Curry Palm Hearts. You can also get a vegan steak!


If you’re a VEGAN…
On Campus: 


Moe’s Southwest Grill
Moe’s is a great on-campus option for vegans. You can basically get anything there made vegan, including tacos, quesadillas, burritos, nachos and salads. All you need to do is leave out meat, cheese, queso and sour cream. There are still a ton of veggie options that you can add onto your meal to make it filling. Moe’s is located in the Racquet Club Dining Center, right next door to the Student Recreation Center.


Off Campus:


Daily Green
Daily Green is located in downtown Gainesville. It specializes in serving healthy vegan and vegetarian options. They have a variety of salads with vegan dressing options. They also have vegan soup options daily. They sell waffle cones filled with goodies. One is called the Daily Vegan Turmoil, which is stuffed with tempeh and kale salad. They also have a juice and smoothie menu for a treat after your meal.


If you’re GLUTEN-FREE…
On Campus 


Fresh Food Company
The Fresh Food Company offers gluten-free options every day. This includes muffins, pasta, breads, cookies and even pizza. They also have a salad bar and other food options that don’t have gluten. The Fresh Food Company is located near Broward Hall.


Off Campus


Karma Cream
If you want a treat that you can actually eat, hit up Karma Cream. It is located on University Avenue, within walking distance of campus. All of their vegan ice cream is also gluten-free, and they have gluten-free desserts available. 


There are definitely options out there for people with restrictive diets. Whether you’re on a sorority or fraternity meal plan, or if you have a campus meal plan, there is something out there for everyone. There are great resources provided online by 
Gator Dining Services 
that detail where on campus you can eat depending on your dietary needs. With a little research, you can find a plethora of foods that meet your needs. 
Photo Credit: 
housing.ufl.edu















							campus dining						







							diets						







							food						







							gluten						







							HC UFL						







							kelly hatton						







							Moe's						







							uf						







							university of florida						







							vegan						







							vegetarian						

































									Kelly Hatton								























						Kelly is a sophomore studying telecommunications and English at UF. She is the Campus Cutie writer and couldn't be more excited for her first semester on the Her Campus UFL team! Kelly is an avid traveler, coffee lover, and Netflix junkie. She is also a member of Delta Zeta and a dual citizen of Canada and the United States. Kelly spent her summer at WWSB ABC 7 as a digital media intern. She hopes to one day produce and write for television in a city like New York or Toronto.					



























									UFL Contributor								



										UFL									



























